thus our 2003 Ford Explorer it's an XLT
model under the hood you have a 4.6
liter v8 nice chrome grille clean
looking headlamps fog lamps down below
alloy wheels disc brakes at all four
corners nice running boards down below
you've got the two-tone paint with the
black up top and the dark grey down
below privacy glass and a roof rack up
top see that v8 badge right there third
brake light rear window wiper tow
package the plates are actually good
through May of 2010 see it is an XLT pop
this open with all three rows up you
have a little bit of storage back here
underneath the floor there's a little
bit of storage as well as all your spare
tire tools very easy to fold down the
seats basically just pull up on this
handle push it forward they fold right
down very easy to do so if you only need
to carry five people you can do that
have all this room back here nice little
netted areas off to the side it looks
like there's some storage as well see a
little piece this one looks like it's
actually pretty adjustable which is kind
of cool move into the second row plenty
of legroom back here for all your
passengers big map pockets we've got a
plug in right there the fan control and
then there's two vents for heating or
air conditioning open this up there's
two cupholders seating for three you can
fold down each seat individually which
is really nice basically you just pull
on one of these guys see it flips
forward just like that so all three of
these would flip individually so if you
wanted to fold down this one you could
have the other two up just fold down the
middle one you can do all that
three-point seat belts for everybody
move up front C of the keyless entry
system right here if you go to the beach
you can leave your keys in the car
just get in with this little piece here
makes it very nice your your remotes not
going to get wet if you go to the beach
or if you're camping or hiking or
hunting whatever you can just get in
with those buttons on the door power
windows power locks power mirrors are up
here cool look and trim in this it's
kind of like a silver carbon fiber look
almost like a diamond plate almost I
don't know it's kind of cool got the
power seat a lot of adjustability with
this tilt wheel cruise control is right
here on the steering wheel
nice gauge cluster see your headlamps
right there am/fm CD with an integrated
cassette deck got your two vents right
here see the four-wheel drive control
right there all the different thermostat
controls are all right here we've got a
pocket down here too big cupholders
another pocket plug in right there open
this up you have a very large center
console can't really see it's too dark
and then some change organizers right
there and a cool pocket up top that's
got a little flap you can see that holds
things in got your sunroof up top auto
dimming rear view mirror and this thing
is loaded it's nice you've got a leather
wrap steering wheel very very well
equipped it's in great shape usually the
back the black paint gets a lot of swirl
marks and scratches but this one looks
like it's in really good shape if you
have any questions about this Explorer
please give us a call